feat: Nextjs support plugin (#422)
bahmutov/cypress-react-unit-test: examples/nextjs/README.md

# example: Next.js

> A typical project using [next.js](https://nextjs.org/)

## Configuration

In order to reuse next's webpack configuration and all the custom configuration defined in `next.config.js` connect special plugin in [plugin file](./cypress/plugins/index.js)

```js
const preprocessor = require('cypress-react-unit-test/plugins/next')

module.exports = (on, config) => {
  preprocessor(on, config)

  return config
}
```

## Usage

1. Run `npm install` in this folder to install dependencies.

```bash
# in this folder
npm install
```

3. Start Cypress

```bash
npm run cy:open
# or just run headless tests
npm test
```

## Server side props

> ⚠️⚠️ **Important:** ⚠️⚠️ Please do not test the page components using component testing. These components have too much responsibility and needs to be tested as a part of your application flow. Consider using cypress `integration` tests.
> 
> But if you still want to test page component, make sure that it will be render as any other `React` component. It means that next's specific functions like `getInitialProps` or `getStaticProps` **won't be called**.

Author: ```suggestion
⚠️⚠️ **Important:** ⚠️⚠️ Please do not test the page components using component testing. These components have too much responsibility and need to be tested as a part of your application flow. Consider using cypress `integration` tests.

But if you still want to test the page component, make sure that it will be mounted as any other pure `React` component. It means that next's specific functions like `getInitialProps` or `getStaticProps` **won't be called**.
```
